spectate.lua: implement unit banners and mouse tooltips (#5264)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/plugins/spectate.rst

    Show informative tooltips that follow each unit on the map. Note that this
    can be enabled independently of `spectate` itself.

> ``spectate set tooltip-follow-job-shortenings "Store item in stockpile" "Store item"``
>     Set a (see ``tooltip-follow-job-shortenings`` for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``spectate set tooltip-follow-job-shortenings "Store item in stockpile" "Store"``
    Abbreviate the names of "Store item in stockpile" jobs to just "Store" when the
    job is displayed in the `spectate` tooltips. See the
    ``tooltip-follow-job-shortenings`` setting below for details.
```

    Toggle whether to prefer following (non-siege) units that have newly
    arrived on the map.

``tooltip-follow`` (default: enabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    tooltip.

> ``tooltip-follow-blink-milliseconds`` (default: 3000)

Reviewer: we'll have to get feedback on this in the beta. It might make sense to default to always on for graphics mode but default to a slow blink for ascii. Other tools that display things over the map do that, like the warm/damp overlay and the gui/quickfort preview shadow.

    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, set tooltip's blink duration
    in milliseconds. Set to 0 to always show.

``tooltip-follow-job`` (default: enabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    job of the dwarf in the tooltip.

> ``tooltip-follow-job-shortenings``

Reviewer: I think we need more documentation about the syntax of the `<value>` for this option. How would the player specify the dictionary?

Author: added an example to the example section

    Toggle whether to prefer following (non-siege) units that have newly
    arrived on the map.

``tooltip-follow`` (default: enabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    tooltips that follow onscreen dwarves around the map.

``tooltip-follow-blink-milliseconds`` (default: 3000)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, set the tooltip's blink
    duration in milliseconds. Set to 0 to always show.

``tooltip-follow-job`` (default: enabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    job of the dwarf in the tooltip.

> ``tooltip-follow-job-shortenings``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``tooltip-follow-job-shortenings`` (default: "Store item in stockpile" -> "Store item")
```

    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, this dictionary is used to
    shorten some job names, f.e. "Store item in stockpile" becomes "Store item".

>     See examples for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can pass two parameters to ``spectate set tooltip-follow-job-shortenings`` to
    add or change elements in the dictionary. See the Examples section for an example.
```

    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the tooltip.

``tooltip-follow-stress-levels`` (default: Displeased, Content, Pleased are disabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    specific happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the tooltip. F.e.

>     ``tooltip-follow-stress-levels 2 true`` would show Displeased emoticon.

Reviewer: I think this needs a little more explanation. The full table of number - stress level name - default mappings would be useful, maybe in a separate doc section below since it's too big for adding here inline

    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the tooltip.

``tooltip-follow-stress-levels`` (default: Displeased, Content, Pleased are disabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    specific happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the tooltip. F.e.
    ``tooltip-follow-stress-levels 2 true`` would show the Displeased emoticon.

>     See ``tooltip-stress-levels`` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See ``tooltip-stress-levels`` below for details.
```

    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the hover panel.

``tooltip-hover-stress-levels`` (default: Displeased, Content, Pleased are disabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    specific happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the hover panel. F.e.
    ``tooltip-hover-stress-levels 2 true`` would show Displeased emoticon.

``tooltip-stress-levels``
    Controls how happiness levels (stress) are displayed (emoticon and color).
    F.e. ``tooltip-stress-levels 6 text XD`` will change the emoticon for

>     Ecstatic dwarves to ``XD``.

Reviewer: the full table of default mappings for this would be useful too

Author: added a table and mentions of `tooltip-stress-levels` for easier discoverability of said table

    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the hover panel.

``tooltip-hover-stress-levels`` (default: Displeased, Content, Pleased are disabled)
    If the ``spectate.tooltip`` overlay is enabled, toggle whether to show the
    specific happiness level (stress) of the dwarf in the hover panel. F.e.
    ``tooltip-hover-stress-levels 2 true`` would show the Displeased emoticon.

>     See ``tooltip-stress-levels`` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See ``tooltip-stress-levels`` below for details.
```

``tooltip-stress-levels``
    Controls how happiness levels (stress) are displayed (emoticon and color).
    F.e. ``tooltip-stress-levels 6 text XD`` will change the emoticon for
    Ecstatic dwarves to ``XD``.
    Default values are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 25 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Level
     - name
     - text
     - pen
   * - 0
     - Miserable
     - =C
     - COLOR_RED
   * - 1
     - Unhappy
     - :C
     - COLOR_LIGHTRED
   * - 2
     - Displeased
     - :(
     - COLOR_YELLOW
   * - 3
     - Content
     - :]
     - COLOR_GREY
   * - 4
     - Pleased
     - :)
     - COLOR_GREEN
   * - 5
     - Happy
     - :D
     - COLOR_LIGHTGREEN
   * - 6
     - Ecstatic
     - =D
     - COLOR_LIGHTCYAN

> Keep in mind that the text will look different with the game's font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the text may look different when rendered in the game's font.
```
